---
layout: post 
title: Hands-On-Activity 1
---
This post will overview three visualizations and their associated pros & cons

[Visualization 1 can be found here](https://codepen.io/oncomouse/full/xxVEWzR)
For visualization 1, the information for each individual (Name, Title, Location, and Role Description) was pulled from a multi-dimenstional list. This was mostly likely held in a database with a structure similar to Microsoft Excel. 
The following lists advantages and disadvantages to this model:
> **Advantages** 
>> *All information is neatly presented 
>> *Colors allow the viewer to differentiate sections from one another 
> **Disadvantages**
>> *There is some searching required; all the information is not listed at the start 
>>>*There isn't a way to initate contact through a push button hyperlink 
>>>>*Photos and text could be resized, this visualization would only be acceptable under space restrictions
>>>>>*Can't view two individuals information at once

[Visualization 2 can be found here](https://codepen.io/oncomouse/full/xxVEWzR)
Visualization 2 follows an area chart where more color represents a greater value per category. This information was generated by pulling data from a list and then run through a code with multiple conditionals. The 3 indicators at the top of the page allow the user to manipulate the data output by selecting constraining variables (Sex, Age Group, & Race).
The following lists advantages and disadvantages to this model: 
**Advantages**
*Gives the user a lot of flexibility to do what they want with data 
*Data can be easily understoof from one glance. Does not take a lot of comprehension 
**Disadvantages**
*Can only view one varaible (Sex/Age/Race) at a time with no way to compare them.
*No numerical representation to the color coded grids. The viewwer can only assume.

[Visualization 3 can be found here](https://informationisbeautiful.net/visualizations/based-on-a-true-true-story/)
This Visualization utilizes a gradient red/blue color scheme to describe movie authenticities. Blue represents truth whereas Red says false. The darker the expression, the more extreme on the true/false scale the scene lies. This data would have to be listed in a table where all scenes are question are labeled on a scale from complete falsehood to complete truth. The higher the numeric, the more truthful the scene. These values are then rendered into a code that attributes colors with each number. 
The follow lists advantages and disadvantages to this model: 
**Advantages**
*Each scene can be clicked on and expanded. The information can be as simple or as complicated as the user wants it to be. 
*A numeric percentage is associated with the visualization & found in the top left hand corner. 
*Filters found in the top right hand corner give the user more functionality to display certain movies. 
**Disadvanages**
*Even though the data is rendered well, the information is a lot to take it at once. If there was a dropdown in the "Movie/Reality" section, it would be easier to follow. 
*There is no search option to look for movies. Users have to manually go through the list. 
*It would be nice if the movies were seperated more so it would beter for the eye to focus on on movie at a time.
